Welcome back.
So hopefully everybody got a chance to try and tackle moving this code into its own saga.
If you are able to do it hopefully you're also able to sign our user in after they've successfully signed
up.
If not that's totally fine.
We are going to build out this feature ourselves right now.
So the first thing we need to do is we need to create the respective sign up.
Success failure and start actions.
So let's make those now.
Sign up start
goes to sign up start and then the same for the respective success and failure action types
then we need to create our user actions so let's make our methods or our action creators will need our
sign up start which will get a set of user credentials so we can just pass them in like this as a whole
object that we will set as our payload.
Now what these credentials will be when we look at our actual sign up component is we know we need the
email and the password for our create user with email and password.
But we're also going to need our display name after from this form.
So we'll pass off three in as an object called user credentials
so we know that our user action type is sign up start.
And our payload will go to our user credentials.
Now inside of our sign up success we know that once we get our sign up success from this off dot create
user with email and password object that this is the object we want to succeed with.
But afterwards in order for us to actually create it in our backend we do need to run our create user
profile document using our new off object right that we get back as well as the additional information
of their displaying it.
So we want to pass both these properties in this being the additional data that our create user profile
document function needs.
If we look at Firebase utilize this additional data which gets spread into our asset but we also need
the user so we're just gonna pass both of those into our sign up success call.
So here we are going to pass in this object that has a user and an additional data property and here
we're going to set type equals user action types.
Sign up success
and payload will go to an object with user and additional data.
Now you might wondering why don't we just put this as some namespace that represents this object and
just pass the whole object through.
I think it's just a little bit more clear when you look at this action of what you're hoping to get
back.
I mean personally it's up it's a personal preference if you just pass an object that's perfectly fine
as well.
Finally we need our concert sign up failure which gets the error and fires off our type of user action
types not sign up failure and payload goes to air
and now we just got to open up our saga so here we're gonna make a new function called on sign up
and it's going to take latest of our user action types does sign up start and then we're gonna call
our sign up method which we need to write
and here we're gonna get our user credentials which we're passing through as the actions payload so
we've got to make sure to D structure off the payload and then what we'll need is the email the password
and the display name so once we have these values what we're going to do is we are going to move over
our tri code into this action.
So the only thing we really need is actually this one it's just this first half
and instead of a wait we've got a yield right.
So we pluck off the user using this process and we also need to make sure that we catch any errors if
we do.
We're going to fire off our sign up failure methods.
So let's import those in as well.
Sign up success and sign up failure and now as we remember if we have an error we're gonna put our sign
up failure method with the error
but if we succeed.
What we need to do is we need to yield.
Actually I forgot to yield at this point as well as putting out our success.
We're gonna pass an object where the user user off right goes to user.
So let's just double check.
Oh it's just the user goes to user
and then additional data
right here is going to be an object where a display name goes to display.
So what we're doing is we're essentially just creating the user off with email and password.
If this process succeeds then we get back the right object.
We're then going to call sign up success with the user and our additional data as the payload inside
of an object and now we just have to listen for our sign up success.
So we're gonna have a new export function called on sign up success
and this is gonna yield take latest user actions dot sign up success and here what we're gonna call
is are signed in after sign up method and then we're gonna write this right here
and what this will get is this payload with those two things that we just passed.
So we want the user and we want the additional data
and now what we're going to do is we're gonna pass these into the same sign in method that we had here.
Right.
Because the only thing that we don't have in order to get our snapshot is our user auth object.
But as we see we actually have it.
The difference is that in our create user profile document method if we look in our firebase utilize
we do take this optional second parameter where we spread an additional data.
So we are actually able to just pass that in like this as the second argument right here.
And then of course we'll pass this third as the subsequent argument in our call call will pass every
subsequent argument in the order that it comes in after our initial function into the function if it's
undefined.
Right.
We'll just spread nothing in if there isn't a value it will actually be able to use it.
So now we can just copy this and yield this inside of our function so we'll just make sure the pass
user and the additional data and now if we save we're gonna make sure to listen to our two new methods
which is our online upstart
and our on sign up success and now we just have to modify our sign up component to fire our sign up
start action so we can now get rid of this code in this try block here and this catch.
We don't need these sets anymore because we're signing in our user after we sign them up we do want
to keep our if Password password and then we do also want to make sure that we take this data.
So now what we're gonna do is we just need to bring in the right action.
This will be in our user slash user actions.
And the one we want is our sign up start action.
We'll also need our Kinect
and let's just connect our map dispatch to props
or sign up start goes to US dispatching where we are passing in our email password and our credentials.
So we'll just pass in as an object called user credentials.
And now we just have to make sure to pass it into our Kinect
and now inside of where we do our handles submit.
We just have to make sure to D structure this off of our props
and then we can just fire our sign up start with an object that has the display name the email and the
password and now we just have to modify our reducer to also store our sign up failure
and that's it.
If we go back to our application if we sign out we hit our sign in and we create some user random user
M.K. to M.K. to add g mail dot com right.
Let's just use our random password if we sign up we see sign up success and we see our sign and success
and now our user has signed it and we have the user also in our database.
So we probably have a couple of new users now because we did this a couple of times but there is our
user so this was how we moved our code over into all of these different sagas that are listening to
each other and then potentially chaining other actions.
So hopefully this saga lesson was good.
Hopefully everything at least shows you not only how to write sagas and how to structure our code to
support sagas but also what capabilities we can leverage now that we have these sagas that can listen
for actions and trigger all kinds of functionality handling asynchronous actions impure actions etc..
So with this our application has now fully been converted over to using saga code.
Now of course the more practice you get with writing this the better.
So I suggest that if possible you go back re watch these videos rebuild these sagas again hopefully
this was a useful lesson for you guys to see what some guys are capable of because this is a very common
library that gets used with asynchronous activity when it comes to react redux projects now let's commit
our code and see what we have.
So we have a lot of code here so we're gonna say created user and cart sagas for sign in sign up and
sign in with Google Now let's push this up and let's move on with our course.